---
layout: post
title:  "Byrot"
date:   2021-02-16
excerpt: "VAN BUREN STATE PARK, MICHIGAN"
image: /images/Bytor.jpg
tag:
- Michigan
- Faerie
- Canine
- Peridot
---

## Byrot

LOCATION: VAN BUREN STATE PARK, MICHIGAN

MINERAL: PERIDOT

## Description

A large, boar-like dog with multiple splintered eyes and a shaggy black coat. It appears once a month to wreack havoc on the land, billowing green gas from its toothed maw. Its barks hurt the ears, and it has little regard for that which it crushes as it tramples its way across the park. Sigils burrowed into the bark of trees light up when it is time for the beast to reappear, and glowing symbols hang in the air once it does respawn. It can only be defeated by Nogswod, the little white dog, who races across the countryside to drive away his adversary back for another month.

## Encounter
I experienced the fight between Byrot and Nogswod twice in my lifetime, though I know the day and place at which it usually occurs so I could potentially return. While it is something to behold, it is also a terrifying sight! Byrot himself is quite intimidating, and while he seems to have little interest in humans, he is a fierce predator to any creatures who stand in his way. Byrot will charge and destroy whatever is in front of him, billowing green gas all the while. I saw him charge straight through a nearby farm, tearing away the barbed wire barring entry as though it were tissue paper. Avoid Byrot if you can, and his accursed symbols, and stand clear until Nogswod arrives!
