---
layout: post
title:  "Mega"
date:   2021-01-28
excerpt: "TWO LIGHT STATE PARK, MAINE"
image: /images/Mega.jpg
tag:
- Maine
- Faerie
- Hematite
---

## Mega

LOCATION: TWO LIGHT STATE PARK, MAINE

MINERAL: HEMATITE

## Description

A hulking, rhinoceros-like creature with small tusks, and a broad, double-pronged nose instead of a horn. Its hide is hewn from painted iron, perfectly sculpted into muscle-like lumps that swell and move with its body as if it's a flesh and blood being. Its legs are much skinier than a regular rhino's, instead resembling the curvature of a large cat's legs. Its feet are splayed, and it has a shark-like fin protruding from the crux of its front legs. Mega's eyesight is poor, but it has a eidetic memory, and does not require the use of its eyes to safetly navigate its home. Mega's hide is impossible to pierce, and if you are able to safetly mount and maintain yourself as a rider upon Mega's back, it will grant you the ability to use it as a steed until sunset of the same day. Afterwards, you must pay an unknown price, and will never see it again. 

## Encounter
I was looking forward to riding on Mega, though I knew the chances were rather slim that I'd be able to overtake the beast without difficulty. I was a bit wary at first of the ordeal, not wanting to take advantage of such a creature, but a few friends in the area assured me that Mega was quite the bored creature, and that it welcomed this sort of challenge. As such, I set out one spring morning to corner and catch it by surprise. I waited atop a tree alongside the rocky coast, waiting for Mega to happen by. I heard its steps long before I saw it. It was truly a terrifying sight, seeing a multiton beast of metal walking along with such confidence. I'm ashamed to say that the risk of being trampled quickly outweighed the idea of getting to ride upon the creature's back, and I slid out of my hiding spot, gave it a brief wave, and went on my way. I regret it a bit, but I also am afraid what happens to those who fail the beast's test.
