---
layout: post
title:  "Ceecee"
date:   2021-02-11
excerpt: "OTTER CREEK STATE PARK, UTAH"
image: /images/CC.jpg
tag:
- Utah
- Mustelid
- Faerie
- Amethyst
---

## Ceecee

LOCATION: BORDER FIELD STATE PARK, CALIFORNIA

MINERAL: AMETHYST

## Description
A small, animated plushie otter who adamantly guards a set of keys. Ceecee appears to be a stuffed animal brought to life, with shorn cotten fur and a leathery nose. It appears to be an older plushie, well-worn and loved at some point in its life. It wades among shallow pools of water, dragging a set of keys of all shapes and sizes behind it. While it barks at any who approach it, it will allow strangers to take a key off the ring. The key will be useful at some point in the bearer's lifetime, but only once.


## Encounter
There are few things more delightful than camping out and watching Ceecee roam her domain, small little plushie feed plodding through the water as she drags along her set of keys. She's quite protective of her treasuree, which makes it all the stranger when she allows for others to take a key with them. Part of it may be that she's just so small, she may not even be able to fight off a true predator. Or, perhaps, the fact that keys keep appearing on the keyring is a testament to the magic of the keyring, and not the keys themselves. Regardless, I shooed away the otter and took a key for myself, though it pained me to see her agitated. I'm quite curious as to when I'll need to use this key. I haven't found a use yet.