---
layout: post
title:  "Morris"
date:   2021-02-14
excerpt: "STILLWATER STATE PARK, VERMONT"
image: /images/bigdeer.png
tag:
- Vermont
- Bovid
- Spinel
- Faerie
---

## Morris

LOCATION: STILLWATER STATE PARK, UTAH

MINERAL: SPINEL

## Description

Morris is a gigantic, horned deer, well over three stories tall and fast as a cheetah. Morris possesses an ethereal presence, able to move about without disturbing the trees or ground, and passing through all types of matter. When the deer runs, he amounts to little more than a breeze fluttering through the forest. However, his hoofprint still strike the ground with the same force as you'd expect from a creature of his bulk, pressing deep and dark tracks through the woods and cracking rocks in half. His horns also maintain a physical presence, meaning you should likely not anger him if you don't have experience dodging a very large, very fast, and highly intelligent bulldozer.


## Encounter
To call Morris majestic would be an understatement. He's a surprisingly tough creature to track down, despite his massive size. I mainly had to track him down using his footprints left behind. Unfortunately, the deer is quite clever, and steps in creeks or rocks when he can while he runs, meaning tracks are few and far between. It took me two days to find solid evidence of the deer, and only after I staked out a location and waited for a track to appear. Morris's hoofprints are so well-disguised that I likely wouldn't have found them had I not been acutely aware of a patch of soil being an inch taller than what it was the night prior. Using that lead, I was able to follow Morris through the wood, eventually catching up to him as he was resting down by Lake Groton's shore. He shared little with me other than his name, which I believe is simply an alias. I was a bit to unnerved by his large and gruff presence to inquire further, and he seemed somewhat annoyed to be followed, so I left him be.