---
layout: post
title:  "Crook"
date:   2021-01-26
excerpt: "SMALLWOOD STATE PARK, MARYLAND"
image: /images/Crook.jpg
tag:
- Maryland
- Canine
- Faerie
- Emerald
---

##Crook

LOCATION: SMALLWOOD STATE PARK, MARYLAND

MINERAL: EMERALD

## Description

A scruffy red fox that looks like a plushie brought to life. Its fur is plastic, soft shiny but often frayed and unkempt. Its eyes are unusually jagged and glossy, somewhat resembling the marbles cut into fox eyes. Its body is a bit more angular than expected from its plush form, as though its been stretched and hardened to meet the dimensions of a real fox. It lacks bones, and can squeeze and contort itself into wherever it wishes to go. It has a habit of stealing jewelry and other high-priced items from local shops and abandoned homes.

## Encounter
Crook is an interesting creature to watch at work. It has a very strong sense of purpose when it moves about, and yet appears to have fun while doing so. Smallwood's Retreat, a local house, had been suffering from a string of thefts at the time I visited. Curious to find the culprit, I left out a few shiny keys on the houses doorstep, along with a live trap to try to snare the culprit. Crook simply strolled past though and yoinked out the keys for itself. Even ensnared, it could simply shimmy its body along and fall through any sort of trap I had set for it. Of all the faeries I've met, Crook seems the most comfortable in his own skin, having perfectly adapted to a criminal's life as a stuffed animal. 

