---
layout: post
title:  "Embrett & Baker"
date:   2021-02-14
excerpt: "BALANCE ROCK STATE PARK, MASSACHUSETTS"
image: /images/Embrett.png
tag:
- Massachusetts
- Moss Agate
- Faerie
---

## Embrett & Baker

LOCATION: BALANCE ROCK STATE PARK, VERMONT

MINERAL: MOSS AGATE

## Description

Embrett is a small, sentient ball of fire with a fascination for large rocks. Embrett typically doesn't have a true form other than a ball of flaming gas, but occasionally appears as an almost ant-eater-esque creature with a long snout and pointed ears. Embrett enjoys taking shelter beneath large rocks and, if it finds them pleasing, temporarily animates the rock while it takes shelter nearby. The animated rock, Baker, holds the same consciousness across all of its incarnations. The two must provide excellent company for one another, seeing that they are rarely ever spotted seperate from one another.

## Encounter

A truly joyful pair! Embrett is such a delight to follow around on a bright winter day. I happened to be out and about at Balance Rock on Valentine's day, and what a surprise running into these two! Embrett is quite the social butterfly, getting anywhere near them sets them alight and they begin running around your feet excitedly. Thankfully, while Embrett was warm, they weren't hot enough to burn my ankles (though my boots got rather toasty). Embrett was eager to introduce me to that day's Baker, which was none other than the balance rock itself. I can't say it was a thrilling conversation, but I got a very strong sense of 'being fine' from both Embrett and Baker, which made my day.