---
layout: post
title:  "Many Mays"
date:   2021-02-19
excerpt: "BOTTOMLESS LAKES STATE PARK, NEW MEXICO"
image: /images/froggg.jpg
tag:
- New Mexico
- Frog
- Nephrite
---

## Many Mays

LOCATION: BOTTOMLESS LAKES STATE PARK, NEW MEXICO

MINERAL: NEPHRITE

## Description

A small green and brown frog with vertical stripe markings and small, floating orbs around its head and various points of its body. It can be difficult to spot or distinguish from other frogs in the area. What's remarkable about Many Mays is her very presence changes the world around her. Any spot which Many Mays touches begins to erode at a heightened pace, turning stone to dust at a high rate. Many Mays seems to age and erode the world around her. Caution is advised when following in her trail, and handling Many Mays should be out of the question for the danger it poses.


## Encounter
The name of the frog, supposedly, originates from its initial false reporting that Many Mays was a frog capable of self-duplicating, as well as its tendency to only appear in the Spring. Neither of these claims are true, seeing as though I've spotted Many Mays twice in the fall, and never more than one at a time. Many Mays is a destructive creature, though she shows no ill will or any sort of emotion while wreaking havoc on the land around her. Fortunately, the rate of decay of which she instills into her surroundings is not as fast as you'd believe from that description. You just tend to find a lot of odd frog-shaped potholes in the limestone deposits here around the state park as you travel around.
