---
layout: post
title:  "Tax Fly"
date:   2021-02-17
excerpt: "PALMETTO ISLAND STATE PARK, LOUISIANA"
image: /images/HogsAndFly.jpg
tag:
- Louisiana
- Insect
- Sodalite
---

## Tax Fly

LOCATION: PALMETTO ISLAND STATE PARK, LOUISIANA

MINERAL: SODALITE

## Description

A large, Eastern Amberwing dragonfly who leads around a set of feral hogs on a leash. The dragonfly itself appears rather unremarkable, or at least indistinguishable from its kin save for its company. Each morning, it appears with a new set of two wild hogs, both untamed and unkempt. A thick, leather leash binds both of the hogs to the dragonfly as it zips around, carrying the hogs forward. It appears to be a courier of sorts, directing the hogs to a very specific location each day before turning them loose. Once the hogs are released, a journey which can take only a few minutes or well into the night, the dragonfly vanishes, reappearing only the next day to pick its new quarries.


## Encounter
Tax Fly has always been a bit of a mystery in the creature identification circles, as we are completely clueless as to not only what it does, but how it does it. When I headed down to Louisiana to investigate the creature, I was dumbfounded by just how little there is to know about it! The dragonfly zips out of the bush every morning, trailing two hogs that it should by no means have been able to capture, tie up, or control, and it leads them on its merry way. It is gentle in handling the beasts, but shows no emotion or indication for why exactly it does this. If there's any rhyme or reason, it's well beyond me, but clearly the dragonfly knows something that I don't.
