---
layout: post
title:  "Caper"
date:   2021-01-26
excerpt: "SLIDE ROCK STATE PARK, ARIZONA"
image: /images/Caper.jpg
tag:
- Arizona
- Canine
- Faerie
- Amethyst
---

## Caper

LOCATION: SLIDE ROCK STATE PARK, ARIZONA

MINERAL: AMETHYST

## Description

A playful silver fox that appears to be a plushie brought to life. Its body is rounded and proportioned like a stuffed animal. It lacks bones except for a jaw and a set of working elongated front-paws with opposable thumbs. The rest of its body is flexible and re-shapable, allowing Caper to slip through cracks and crannys with ease. The nails on its front legs produce a weak tranquilizer, and it uses them to make would-be threats drowsy so it can slip away. It has a fondness for apples, and makes nightly trips to retrieve its favorite snack.

## Encounter
Caper's shenanigans cause no shortage of trouble, and its range is much larger than you'd expect out of a fox its size. My first few stakeouts ended the same way: I'd put out a few apples trying to lure it out, and I'd wake up with pin-prick clawmarks in my arm along with an empty plate. The one time I DID luck into seeing Caper was when it was sneaking through the orchards, helping itself to whatever it pleased and squeezing its way through holes in fences it should not have fit through. The way its body ambles about is quite funny. Its front is quite complex, with a sneering snout and a very delicate and precise set of arms and fingers. Its rump is very close to a stuffed animal's, though, and wiggles to and fro whenever it sneaks about.
