layout: post
title:  "Belmont"
date:   2021-01-13
excerpt: "SINKS CANYON STATE PARK, WYOMING"
image: /images/GeoRam.jpg
tag:
- Wyoming
- Bovid
- Taaffeite
---

## Belmont

LOCATION: SINKS CANYON STATE PARK, WYOMING

MINERAL: TAAFFEITE

## Description

A mystic ram who appears to geologists, hard at work in their field. It resembles a shaggy white ram, with dirtied fur, and large white eyes. One of its horns is twisted further than the other. Its pelt is overgrown and the wool on its tail is twisted and smoothened into a coiled shape ending at a hard point. Instead of feet, four crystals jut out of its body and prop it up. When it runs, it leaves knife-point marks in the earth below it, even when running across hard rock. Its head is covered in various rocks, including a large purple gem, uncut and unpolished. Floating above its back are three slivers of stone, bound together by a thin strip of metal.

## Encounter

The rangers had no information on this creature, but the researchers seemed quite knowledgeable about it. I recieved the story from them. A spry graduate, finishing out his term at the geology site, was willing to share the most recent story they had. While out in the morning, he had spotted a bit of movement out on the eastern side of the area they'd blocked off for some bit of testing. As he approached the noise, the great ram leapt out from the rock itself, grasped hold of the student's hammer and bag, and made off with them both. Somewhat struck by what he'd seen, the student gathered a few others and followed the knife prints through the dirt as far as they could go. The path eventually led to the top of one of the granite peaks, where his bag lay waiting for him, filled to the brim with dirt and devoid of the rocks he's started with. He was quite insistent on me also recording that he was mourning the loss of his hammer, but that he miraculously recieved straight As for the remainder of his schooling, which he attributes to the ram.
