---
layout: post
title:  "Nogswod"
date:   2021-02-16
excerpt: "GAYLORD STATE FOREST AREA, MICHIGAN"
image: /images/Snowdog.jpg
tag:
- Michigan
- Faerie
- Canine
- Sapphire
---

## Nogswod

LOCATION: GAYLORD STATE FOREST AREA, MICHIGAN

MINERAL: SAPPHIRE

## Description
A small, white puppy with a rabbit-like appearance. Nogswod has bright blue eyes, brighter than any other canine I've seen, and he runs faster than you'd expect. The ground beneath Nogswod freezes to the touch, and a faint foggy mist emenates from his body when he pants. A nameless sword hovers around him, a sentient thing in its own right. The two are feirce fighters, driven to return once a month to fend off the vile Byrot which plagues the lands around them. Nogswod is the fierce foe of Byrot, driving him into the ground every month at the end of their great battles, but the two appear to be more rivals than true enemies.

## Encounter
Nogsword is a very no-nonsense dog, and as such did not pay me much heed as I tried to approach him while he was relaxing beneath a walnut tree. He appears very determined to his task of keeping Byrot at bay, choosing to spend most of the day I spent with him training and largely ignoring my presence. Despite his aloof nature, however, Nogswod did offer me dinner in the form of a caught pheasant (which I politely declined), and taught me some basic wards to protect myself against the more threatening creatures I happened across in my journeys. As soon as Byrot's sigils began to light up though, Nogswod took to the sky, dashing as fast as he could towards the place where Byrot would appear, so they could begin their fearsome battle.
