---
layout: post
title:  "Pristine"
date:   2021-02-15
excerpt: "PARIS MOUNTAIN STATE PARK, SOUTH CAROLINA"
image: /images/Pristine.jpg
tag:
- South Carolina
- Faerie
- Iron
---

## Pristine

LOCATION: PARIS MOUNTAIN STATE PARK, MASSACHUSETTS

MINERAL: IRON

## Description
Pristine is an amorphous fairy, typically appearing in a state that almost resembles an iron vase of flowers. Shrubbery sprouts from the back of its head and beneath its torso. It has no legs or arms, but hangs in the air and propells itself forward and backwards through some unknown means. It has a consant, grey aura about it, like the world has been desaturated. Despite this, the shrubbery and jelly bits of its body are in stark greens and soft pinks, giving it the appearance of something very lovely amid a drab world. It instills a sense of majesty in those who look upon it, and it appears to have great healing abilities it can extend towards others.


## Encounter
Faeries tend to be quite frightening when I encounter them, and Pristine is no exception to that category, but Pristine also gives off a very strong sense of devotion and love to her. Faeries are also, unfortunately, typically very difficult to pin down or hear about in the first place, which is why it took me so long for me to drag out some information on Pristine. I ended up hearing about her from a biker who frequented the area, who had falled off their bike the prior winter and become trapped and bleeding at the bottom of a shallow drop. Before they could call for help, Pristine appeared, floating in from the trees, and passed over their body. As it did so, the blood in the wound congealed and stiffened, and they were able to get up and drag their bike back onto the trail. The biker claims that Pristine never stopped nor acknowledged their presence, so he wasn't sure whether the faerie had actually healed him with purpose, or whether he just happened to be in her way.
