---
layout: post
title:  "Toll"
date:   2021-02-15
excerpt: "JONES GAP STATE PARK, SOUTH CAROLINA"
image: /images/Toll.jpg
tag:
- South Carolina
- Faerie
- Mustelid
- Bloodstone
---

## Toll

LOCATION: JONES GAP STATE PARK, MASSACHUSETTS

MINERAL: BLOODSTONE

## Description

A long, lanky creature that enjoys hanging around the bridges of Jones Gap State Park. It resembles a brown mink with an elongated snout, widened hands, and a draconic body which it wraps around the timbers it scales. It wears sets of collectible coins, many of which are squished pennies, and avoids the company of humans. It is most active during the day, but typically buries itself beneath the soil to wait out the visitors to the park, emerging only when the coast is clear to lounge about on the bridges and catch the last light of the day.

## Encounter

Toll was a pleasant creature, through and through. Finding him was a bit of a trouble, seeing that he's actually quite skittish of company and actively avoids those who visit the park. I had to do several passes across the bridge before I found his nose and eyes buried beneath a compost of leaves, peering up at me pensively. He said his hellos after being found and persuaded to talk, but he was quite standoffish about the whole situation (not rude though, in the slightest). We spent the afternoon chatting, for company was few and far between that day, and when we knew the park was beginning to wind down for the night, Toll emerged and sunbathed along the bridge. Never have I seen a creature so happy to be sprawled about on a bridge! I said my farewells soonafter, as I did not wish to keep him any longer.