---
layout: post
title:  "Biscotti"
date:   2021-02-11
excerpt: "QUAIL CREEK STATE PARK, UTAH"
image: /images/Biscotti.jpg
tag:
- Utah
- Faerie
- Iron
---

## Biscotti

LOCATION: QUAIL CREEK STATE PARK, UTAH

MINERAL: IRON

## Description
Biscotti is a floating being of metal and oil, fused together in a gelatinous free-floating body which roams the sides of Quail Creek. Its head is a polished piece of iron with two slits for eyes, and several additional bones and fragments of metal are visible through its liquid body. The "tail" of the creature is tied with a ponytail-like ending, where the oil appears more viscous and almost solid in appearance, but strung together thin like hairs. Biscotti appears at night time, floating along the shores and calling out across the water. It is unclear what it is calling for. It appears to have an affinity to human creatures, particularily vehicles.


## Encounter
I'll fully admit that I named this one after the pack of biscotti left in my car, but I was just too excited about making the first discovery of this creature to really think it through. Never have I ever heard a report of this sort of being in Utah, and quite frankly I lucked into discovering it. I was driving past Quail Creek's park when I figured I had to stop for the night, find some place to stay. Unfortunately, I was running rather low on funds, so I ended up sneaking into the parking lot and parking overnight, sleeping in my car. I awoke to hear an odd sound, like a squirrel's bark, but deep and long. When I peered out over the hood of my truck, Biscotti was floating there, peering in through the windshield with interest. He took off as soon as I bolted upright, dissapearing as I blinked the sleep from my eyes. The entire rest of the night I searched around for him, only finding him on the banks calling out once or twice before morning came. Bleary-eyed, I spent the next few days asking around about the creature, but no one had anything remotely similar to what I'd described. I'll claim them as a new find for now, and his name shall be Biscotti for now until they deem otherwise.