---
layout: post
title:  "Issellia"
date:   2021-01-14
excerpt: "WILD HORSE ISLAND, MONTANA"
image: /images/DoubleHorse.jpg
tag:
- Montana
- Bovid
- Mordenite
---

## Issellia

LOCATION: WILD HORSE ISLAND, MONTANA

MINERAL: MORDENITE

## Description

A rugged brown mare with two heads and odd feet, built in a way that doesn't seem to match how a horse should be put togther. Both of Issellia's heads are of their own mind, and one's hair is always mussed. Issellia's front legs are almost triangular in shape of the musculature, narrow near the knees. The back legs have a sort of boot-like covering, splitting into claw-like feet at the end, with small silver buttons near the top. Issellia's territory covers both Montana and Alaska, and she possesses a fine set of skills she did not deem to share, nor has demonstrated to any mortal I was able to interview.

## Encounter

Issellia invited me on a tour of the island shortly after I arrived, though I don't quite know how she had anticipated my presence. The other horses of the island stayed away, for the most part, allowing me to roam freely with this mare as she spoke to me of what the place was like. She seemed kind and a bit motherly, but clearly had secrets of her own she was unwilling to divulge, nor was I likely to guess them or foolish enough to try to delve deeper into it with her. Issellia shared quite a bit with me regarding the island's history, but nothing you wouldn't be able to find in a library given enough research. After a few hours of walking about, she asked me to leave, and I did so. The only other thing that weighed on my mind after the encounter was that Issellia's shadow seemed to move of its own accord, and to this day I swear I still glimpse it sometimes on a sunny day, far from that island. I don't know how to quantify that into a proper description, nor am I completely sure it's not a trick of the mind, so for now it will merely exist as a note in this encounter log.
